*AREOPA GJTJCA. 79

those very times when that Court did the rest of those
her pious works‚ for which she is now fall'n from the
Starres with Lucifer. Whereby ye may gueffe what kinde
of State prudence‚ what love of the people, what care
*of Religion, or good manners there was at the contriv-
ing, although with singular hypocrifie it pretended to
bind books to their good behaviour. And how it got
the upper hand of your precedent Order so well con-
stituted before, if we may beleeve those rnen whose pro·
feffion gives them cause to enquire most, it may be
doubted there was in it the fraud of some old patentees
and monopolizers in the trade ofbook-selling 3 who under
pretence of the poor in their Company not to be de-
frauded, and the just retaining of each man his severall
copy, which God forbid ss10u1d be gainsaid‚ brought
divers glofing colours to the House, which were indeed
but colourS, and serving to no end except it be to exer-
cise a superiority over their neighbourS, rnen who doe
not therefore labour in an honest profeflion to which
learning is indetted, that they should be made other
¹mens vaffals. Another end is thought was aym’d at by
¹forne of thern in procuring by petition this Order, that
{having power in their handS,rnalignant books might the
feafier scape abroad, as the event shews ⁴But of these
Sophg'sms and Elenclts of marchandize I {kill not : This
1 knOW, that errors in a good government and in a bad
are equally almost incident3 for what Magistrate may
not be mis-inform'd, and much the sooner, if liberty of
Printing be reduc’t into the power of a few 3 but to
redreffe willingly and speedily what hath bin err’d, and
in highest autority to esteem a plain advertisement more
then others have done a sumptuous bribe, is a vertue
(honour'd Lords and Commons) answerable to Your
highest a6tions, and whereof none can participat but
greatest and wisest rnen.⁸

The End

 

 

 

